Alchemistic Girl
Translation by Ayu Ohseki
The enigmas of nature are as of yet impossible to decipher; that is to say, they remain enigmas. Yet there were those who attempted to brute-force the mysteries of the invisible world. There were also those who strove to explain the mysteries of future affairs.
The fire-smelting
Bellows
Philosophical
Flames
Smelt
They procure life
Into the aludel of time
We threw in and created
My stone
Yes
We created and live on as
Ourselves
It is a narrow and arduous path permitted to only a handful of masters. Many are those who lose their way on an incorrect road and encounter naught but disappointment, errors, and falsehoods. However, before long, within the dark science buildings of the Middle Ages, their undertakings—the huge, silent, and immutable rose windows—emitted a brilliance. It was as though the cathedral transepts, where one would doze off far removed from the mundane world, were bathed in an indescribable light.
Or at least, that’s how one of my fathers, Heinrich Khunrath, depicted the arduous reality of the alchemists in an illustration in “Amphitheatrum Sapientiae Aeternae (Amphitheater of Eternal Wisdom)”. Indeed, the Citadel of Alchemy was divided into twenty-one sections. An alchemist of the fifteenth century and another one of my fathers, Nicholas Valois, said, “God bequeathed His holy secrets unto me through my prayers, which made themselves properly useful through my good intentions. When the people lose their purity of heart, they lose science.” However, it was because he knew the secrets that he could never actualize them.
To they who have received a blessed secret formula and slipped out the 21st Citadel Gate, two meticulous warnings give welcome: “Pray as occultism would have you do; do your work as physical chemistry would have you do.”
If this is hypocrisy, then with metamorphosis
We shall not love, but make autoplasty
Make something unique
Create
Our one and only, unique selves
Furthermore, to they who have slipped out the 21st Citadel Gate, they shall have turned seven Citadel corners, which correspond to the seven manipulations of metamorphosis. There they shall reach the objective of their final hopes, the Philosopher’s Stone, which is guarded by an enormous dragon that shall relinquish it unto them. Me? I accomplished it in a day. The Great Work. The great ambition...
Because I am a girl
I know the astrology
Of alchemy’s
Secret day
That moment is while
The Sun is in Aries
And the Moon is in Taurus
Because I am a girl
I wish for my dream to come true
And so cast off false dreams
With alchemy’s
Secret arts
Le Demosterion de
Roch le Baillif
There is a matter of grave importance. I refer to the identities of the creation of space and alchemy’s Great Work. This is why the alchemists repeat to themselves: “The sequential process of world metamorphosis is identical to an animal’s pregnancy. It’s inconceivable that our generation of metal could be anything but its equal. Therefore, we follow this precept: ‘Mother Nature is our one and only master. We have no need whatsoever for books; to succeed, it’s enough to open our eyes and mimic Her.’” Because they’re simply imitating nature, alchemists purport to be philosophers and sages. They call their science philosophy, and label the results of their work the Philosopher’s Stone.
I am sulfur
All that
Burns
I am mercury
I rise as smoke
And sublimate
What remains is salt and me
The tale of the rose
Will awaken
The hidden knowledge
I call the wind awake
And whirl it about
I am reborn
With new life
I grow
Ah~
I am an alchemist (Medieval)
Lighting a flame on my birthday
Throw the day of my birth into the aludel
I am an alchemist (Medieval)
I change, and it is my birthday
Throw the fact of my birth into the aludel
La fillette alchimique
The alchemistic girl
La fillette alchimique
The alchemistic girl