I Wanna be Your Fiancé
Translation from Nozomi
 DVD Release (2011)
It’s something more certain than words. It’s something more vague than the body.
The two of us will never find it.Our injuries will only grow in number.
Lately, our memories have grown tiresome to the two of us.
With glaring eyes…we measure the miles between our hearts.
You said you had no intention of leaving,
But you always kept me worrying.
You keep stringing me along. As a lover… You’re just no good.Stay with me… Be closer to me… I can’t say those words. They’re so incredibly selfish. If I could only get used to them.
It’s something more certain than words. It’s something more vague than the body. The two of us will never find it. Our injuries will only grow in number. I wish you wouldn’t play around anymore. I wonder why it hurts so much… When I see you having more fun than me?
Might as well… I wanna be your fiance.
I can’t just go back to being friends. And I can’t live just for you.
The two of us are at a total loss. Let’s just keep kissing over and over again.
I wish you wouldn’t worry me anymore.
I wonder why I feel so lonely
When I think about loving you?
Might as well… I wanna be your fiance.
I Want to Be Your Fiancé
Translated by Ayu Ohseki
Something more concrete than words, something more ambiguous than flesh
Without finding either, you and I add more scratches
Around now, when our memories have begun to ring with boredom,
We gauge the distance of our hearts with a mutual glare
We're worthless lovers where, even though we don't intend to break up,
We only ever grow anxious and mischievously knock each other around
Stay near me... even closer...
I can't utter that single phrase
If only I could be so selfish I'd amaze you
Something more concrete than words, something more ambiguous than flesh
Without finding either, you and I add more scratches
Don't make any more merry than this
I wonder why it hurts to watch
You having more fun than me?
...I'd rather be your fiancé
You want to tease me, don't you? You purposely don't answer my message
And blame your still-wet manicure for it going to the answering machine
"Nobody understands you better than I do"
That kind of attitude rubs my pride the wrong way
We;can't;go;back;to;being;friendsI;can't;live;for;just;you
While;we;lose;our;bearings,;you;and;I;kiss;over;and;over
Don't;feel;any;more;troubled;than;this;
I;wonder;why;I;feel;lonelier
The;more;I;hold;you;dear?
...Even next week, I want to be your fiancé
Something more concrete than words, something more ambiguous than flesh
Without finding either, you and I add more scratches
Don't make any more merry than this
I wonder why it hurts to watch
You having more fun than me?
We can't go back to being friends; I can't live for just you
While we lose our bearings, you and I kiss over and over
Don't feel any more troubled than this;
I wonder why I feel lonelier
The more I hold you dear?
...I'd rather be your fiancé